Sachin Tendulkar, Indian batting legend, took to Twitter to share a picture with his childhood coach Ramakant Achrekar on Thursday and penned an emotional message for him. The former India batsman highlighted the fact that Achrekar helped countless budding cricketers and guided them to realise their strengths. "Thinking of a person very close to my heart who helped countless young cricketers, including me, to realise their potential through the power of sport & character. Thank you for everything, Achrekar Sir," Tendulkar captioned the photograph.Achrekar died on January 2, 2019 at his home due to age-related complications.The Mumbai-born batsman played six World Cups for the country and was part of the successful campaign in 2011, where India lifted the trophy under MS Dhoni's captaincy. Tendulkar also played 96 Twenty20 matches and notched up a century, playing for Mumbai Indinas, during an IPL game against Kochi Tuskers Kerala.Meanwhile, at school, he developed a reputation as a child prodigy. He had become a common conversation point in local cricketing circles, where there were suggestions already that he would become one of the greats. Sachin consistently featured in the school team in the Matunga Gujarati Seva Mandal (MGSM) Shield.[46] Besides school cricket, he also played club cricket, initially representing John Bright Cricket Club in Bombay's premier club cricket tournament, the Kanga League,[43] and later went on to play for the Cricket Club of India.[47] In 1987, at the age of 14, he attended the MRF Pace Foundation in Madras (now Chennai) to train as a fast bowler, but Australian fast bowler Dennis Lillee, who took a world record 355 Test wickets, was unimpressed, suggesting that Tendulkar focus on his batting instead.[48] On 20 January 1987, he also turned out as substitute for Imran Khan's side in an exhibition game at Brabourne Stadium in Bombay, to mark the golden jubilee of Cricket Club of India.[49] A couple of months later, former Indian batsman Sunil Gavaskar gave him a pair of his own ultra light pads and consoled him to not get disheartened for not getting the Bombay Cricket Association's "Best junior cricket award" (He was 14 years that time). "It was the greatest source of encouragement for me," Tendulkar said nearly 20 years later after surpassing Gavaskar's world record of 34 Test centuries.[50][51] Sachin served as a ball boy in the 1987 Cricket World Cup when India played against England in the semifinal in Bombay.[52][53] In his season in 1988, Tendulkar scored a century in every innings he played. He was involved in an unbroken 664-run partnership in a Lord Harris Shield inter-school game against St. Xavier's High School in 1988 with his friend and teammate Vinod Kambli, who would also go on to represent India. The destructive pair reduced one bowler to tears and made the rest of the opposition unwilling to continue the game. Tendulkar scored 326 (not out) in this innings and scored over a thousand runs in the tournament.[54] This was a record partnership in any form of cricket until 2006, when it was broken by two under-13 batsmen in a match held at Hyderabad in India.[55]